Brethren: Put ye on therefore, as the 
elect of God, holy and beloved, the 
bowels of mercy, benignity, humility, 
modesty, patience: bearing with one 
another and forgiving one another, if 
any have a complaint against another: 
even as the Lord hath forgiven you, so 
do you also. But above all these things
have charity, which is the bond of 
perfection: and let the peace of Christ 
rejoice in your hearts, wherein also you
are called in one body: and be ye 
thankful. Let the word of Christ
dwell in you abundantly, in all wisdom,
teaching and admonishing one another
in psalms, hymns, and spiritual 
canticles, singing in grace in your 
hearts to God. All whatsoever you do in
word or in work, do all in the name of 
the Lord Jesus Christ, giving thanks to 
God and the Father by Jesus Christ our
Lord.
