At that time, Mary Magdalen, and Mary 
the mother of James, and Salome 
brought sweet spices, that coming they 
might anoint Jesus. And very early in 
the morning, the first day of the week, 
they came to the sepulcher, the sun 
being now risen. And they said one to 
another: Who shall roll us back the 
stone from the door of the sepulcher? 
And looking back, they saw the stone 
rolled back. For it was very great. And 
entering into the sepulcher, they saw a 
young man sitting on the right side, 
clothed with a white robe, and they 
were astonished. Who saith to them: 
Be not affrighted; ye seek Jesus of 
Nazareth, who was crucified: He is 
risen. He is not here; behold the place 
where they laid Him. But go, tell His 
disciples, and Peter, that He goeth 
before you into Galilee: there you shall 
see Him, as He told you.
