Dearly beloved: Honor widows, that are
widows indeed. But if any widow have 
children, or grandchildren, let her learn 
first to govern her own house, and to 
make a return of duty to her parents: 
for this is acceptable before God. But 
she that is a widow indeed and 
desolate, let her trust in God, and 
continue in prayers and supplications 
night and day. For she that liveth in 
pleasures, is dead while she is living. 
And this give in charge, that they may 
be blameless. But if any man have not 
care of his own, and especially of those
of his house, he hath denied the faith, 
and is worse than an infidel. Let a 
widow be chosen of no less than 
threescore years of age, who hath 
been the wife of one husband, having 
testimony for her good works, if she 
have brought up children, if she have 
received to harbor, if she have washed 
the saints' feet, if she have ministered 
to them that suffer tribulation, Ã­f she 
have diligently followed every good 
work.
