Brethren, be followers of me, and 
observe them who walk so as you have
our model. For many walk, of whom I 
have told you often (and now tell you 
weeping), that they are enemies of the 
cross of Christ; whose end is 
destruction, whose God is their belly, 
and whose glory is in their shame; who 
mind earthly things. But our 
conversation is in heaven, from whence
also we looked for the Savior, our Lord 
Jesus Christ, who will reform the body 
of our lowness, made like to the body 
of His glory, according to the operation 
whereby also He is able to subdue all 
things unto Himself. Therefore, my 
brethren, dearly beloved, and most 
desired, my joy and my crown: so stand
fast in the Lord, my dearly beloved. I 
beg of Evodia, and I beseech Syntyche
to be of one mind in the Lord: and I 
entreat thee also, my sincere 
companion, help those women who 
have labored with me in the Gospel, 
with Clement and the rest of my fellow-
laborers, whose names are in the book 
of life.
