In those days, the prophet Isaias said: 
In the last days the mountain of the 
Lord shall be prepared on the top of 
the mountains, and it shall be exalted 
above the hills, and all nations shall 
flow unto it. And many people shall go, 
and say: Come and let us go up to the 
mountain of the Lord, and to the house 
of the God of Jacob, and He will teach 
us His ways, and we will walk in His 
paths: for the law shall come forth from
Sion, and the word of the Lord from 
Jerusalem. And He shall judge the 
Gentiles and rebuke many people: and 
they shall turn their swords into 
ploughshares, and their spears into 
sickles. Nation shall not lift up sword 
against nation: neither shall they be 
exercised any more to war. O house of 
Jacob, come ye, and let us walk in the 
light of the Lord our God.
