In those days, Peter opening his 
mouth, said, Ye men of Isr√¶l, and ye 
that fear God, hear. The God of 
Abraham, and the God of Isaac, and 
the God of Jacob, the God of our 
fathers hath glorified His Son Jesus, 
Whom you indeed delivered up and 
denied before the face of Pilate, when 
he judged he should be released. But 
you denied the Holy One and the Just, 
and desired a murderer to be granted 
unto you. But the Author of life you 
killed, Whom God hath raised from the 
dead, of which we are witnesses. And 
now, brethren, I know that you did it 
through ignorance, as did also your 
rulers. But those things which God 
before had showed by the mouth of all 
the prophets, that His Christ should 
suffer, He hath so fulfilled. Repent 
therefore, and be converted, that your 
sins may be blotted out.
