In those days Mardochai prayed to the 
Lord, saying, O Lord, Lord, almighty 
King, for all things are in Thy power; 
and there is none that can resist Thy 
will if Thou determine to save Israel. 
Thou hast made heaven and earth, and
all things that are under the cope of 
heaven. Thou art Lord of all, and there 
is none that can resist Thy majesty. 
And now, O Lord, O King, O God of 
Abraham, have mercy on Thy people, 
because our enemies resolve to 
destroy us and extinguish Thy 
inheritance. Despise not Thy portion, 
which Thou hast redeemed for Thyself 
out of Egypt. Hear my supplication and 
be merciful to Thy lot and inheritance, 
and turn our mourning into joy, that we 
may live and praise Thy name, O Lord: 
and shut not the mouths of them that 
sing to Thee, O Lord our God.
