At that time: Jesus said unto His 
disciples: If you love Me, keep my 
commandments. And I will ask the 
Father, and He shall give you another 
Paraclete, that He may abide with you 
for ever. The Spirit of truth, whom the 
world cannot receive, because it seeth 
Him not, nor knoweth Him: but you 
shall know Him; because He shall 
abide with you, and shall be in you. I 
will not leave you orphans, I will come 
to you. Yet a little while: and the world 
seeth Me no more. But you see Me: 
because I live, and you shall live. In 
that day you shall know, that I am in 
My Father, and you in Me, and I in you.
He that hath My commandments, and 
keepeth them; he it is that loveth Me. 
And he that loveth Me, shall be loved 
of My Father: and I will love him, and 
will manifest Myself to him.
