Brethren, all we who are baptized in 
Christ Jesus are baptized in His death. 
For we are buried together with Him by 
baptism unto death; that as Christ is 
risen from the dead by the glory of the 
Father, so we also may walk in the 
newness of life. For if we have been 
planted together in the likeness of His 
death, we shall also be in the likeness 
of His resurrection. Knowing this, that 
our old man is crucified with Him, that 
the body of sin may be destroyed, and 
that we may serve sin no longer. For he
that is dead is justified from sin. Now if 
we be dead with Christ, we believe that
we shall live also together with Christ. 
Knowing that Christ, rising again from 
the dead, dieth now no more, death 
shall no more have dominion over Him.
For in that He died to sin, He died 
once; but in that He liveth, He liveth 
unto God. So do you also reckon 
yourselves to be dead indeed to sin, 
but alive to God in Christ Jesus our 
Lord.
