Communicating, and keeping the most
holy day on which Thine only-begotten 
Son, our Lord, set at the right hand of 
Thy glory the substance of our, frail 
human nature, which He had taken to 
Himself and also reverencing the 
memory, first, of the glorious, ever 
Virgin Mary, Mother of the same Lord 
and God, Jesus Christ: as also of 
blessed Joseph, spouse of the Virgin, 
of the blessed apostles and martyrs 
Peter and Paul, Andrew, James, John, 
Thomas, James, Philip, Bartholomew, 
Matthew, Simon, and Thaddeus: Linus, 
Cletus, Clement, Sixtus, Cornelius, 
Cyprian, Lawrence, Chrysogonus, John
and Paul, Cosmas and Damian, and of 
all Thy saints, through whose merits 
and prayers grant that we may in all 
things be defended by the help of Thy 
protection. Through the same Christ 
our Lord. Amen.
