At that time, when they returned, the 
child Jesus remained in Jerusalem; and
His parents knew it not. And thinking 
that He was in the company, they came
a day's journey, and sought Him 
amongst their kinsfolks and 
acquaintance. And not finding Him, 
they returned into Jerusalem, seeking 
Him. And it came to pass that after 
three days they found, Him in the 
temple sitting in the midst of the 
doctors, hearing them, and asking them
questions. And all that heard Him were 
astonished at His wisdom and His 
answers. And seeing Him, they 
wondered. And His mother said to Him:
Son, why hast Thou done so to us? 
Behold Thy father and I have sought 
Thee sorrowing. And He said to them: 
"How is it that you sought Me? Did you 
not know that I must be about My 
Father's business?" And they 
understood not the word that He spoke 
unto them. And He went down with 
them, and came to Nazareth: and was 
subject to them.
