Dearly beloved: Godliness is profitable 
to all things, having promise of the life 
that now is, and of that which is to 
come. A faithful saying and worthy of all
acceptation. For therefore we labor and
are reviled, because we hope in the 
living God, who is the Savior of all men,
especially of the faithful. These things 
command and teach. Let no man 
despise thy youth: but be thou an 
example of the faithful in word, in 
conversation, in charity, in faith, in 
chastity. Till I come, attend unto 
reading, to exhortation, and to doctrine.
Neglect not the grace that is in thee, 
which was given thee by prophesy, with
imposition of the hands of the 
priesthood. Meditate upon these things,
be wholly in these things: that thy 
profiting may be manifest to all. Take 
heed to thyself and to doctrine: be 
earnest in them. For in doing this thou 
shalt both save thyself and them that 
hear thee.
