At that time the Jews sent from 
Jerusalem priests and levites to John, 
to ask him: Who art thou? And he 
confessed: I am not the Christ. And 
they asked him: What then? Art thou 
Elias? And he said: I am not. Art thou 
the Prophet? And he answered: No. 
They said therefore unto him: Who art 
thou, that we may give an answer to 
them that sent us? He said: I am the 
voice of one crying in the wilderness, 
Make straight the way of the Lord, as 
said the Prophet Isaias. And they that 
were sent were of the Pharisees. And 
they asked him, and said to him: Why 
then dost thou baptize, if thou be not 
Christ, nor Elias, nor the Prophet? 
John answered them, saying: I baptize 
with water: but there hath stood one in 
the midst of you, whom you know not. 
The same is He that shall come after 
me, who is preferred before me: the 
latchet of whose shoe I am not worthy 
to loose. These things were done in 
Bethania, beyond the Jordan, where 
John was baptizing.
