At that time Jesus was led by the Spirit 
into the desert, to be tempted by the 
devil. And when He had fasted forty 
days and forty nights, afterwards He 
was hungry. And the tempter coming 
said to him: If Thou be the Son of God, 
command that these stones be made 
bread.' Who answered and said: 'It is 
written: Not in bread alone doth man 
live, but in every word that proceedeth 
from the mouth of God. Then the devil 
took Him up into the holy city and set 
Him upon the pinnacle of the temple, 
and said to Him: If Thou be the Son of 
God, cast Thyself down. For it is 
written: That He hath given His angels 
charge over Thee, and in their hands 
shall they bear Thee up, lest perhaps 
Thou dash Thy foot against a stone. 
Jesus said to him: It is written again: 
Thou shalt not tempt the Lord Thy God.
Again the devil took Him up into a very 
high mountain and showed Him all the 
kingdoms of the world and the glory of 
them, and said to Him: All these will I 
give Thee, if falling down Thou wilt 
adore me. Then Jesus saith to him: 
Begone, Satan! For it is written: The 
Lord thy God shalt thou adore, and Him
only shalt thou serve. Then the devil 
left Him: and behold angels came, and 
ministered to Him.
