Jesus therefore, six days before the 
pasch, came to Bethania, where 
Lazarus had been dead, whom Jesus 
raised to life. And they made him a 
supper there: and Martha served: but 
Lazarus was one of them that were at 
table with him. Mary therefore took a 
pound of ointment of right spikenard, of
great price, and anointed the feet of 
Jesus, and wiped his feet with her hair; 
and the house was filled with the odor 
of the ointment. Then one of his 
disciples, Judas Iscariot, he that was 
about to betray him, said: Why was not 
this ointment sold for three hundred 
pence, and given to the poor? Now he 
said this, not because he cared for the 
poor; but because he was a thief, and 
having the purse, carried the things that
were put therein. Jesus therefore said: 
Let her alone, that she may keep it 
against the day of my burial. For the 
poor you have always with you; but me 
you have not always. A great multitude 
therefore of the Jews knew that he was
there; and they came, not for Jesus' 
sake only, but that they might see 
Lazarus, whom he had raised from the 
dead.
