I spoke of Thy testimonies before 
kings, and I was not ashamed: I 
meditated also on Thy commandments,
which I loved. (Ps. 118: 1) Blessed are 
the undefiled in the way: who walk in 
the law of the Lord. Glory be to the 
Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy 
Spirit, as it was in the beginning, is 
now, and ever shall be, world without 
end. Amen. I spoke of Thy testimonies 
before kings, and I was not ashamed: I 
meditated also on Thy commandments,
which I loved.
Grant us, we beseech Thee, O Lord, 
our God, to venerate with unceasing 
devotion the victories of Thy holy 
virgins and martyrs, Ursula and her 
companions, that, though we can not 
worthily celebrate their merits, we may 
at least offer them our humble service. 
Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy 
Son, Who lives and reigns with Thee in 
the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, forever
and ever.
