At that time Jesus said to the scribes 
and pharisees: Behold I send to you 
prophets and wise men and scribes, 
and some of them you will put to death 
and crucify, and some you will scourge 
in your synagogues, and persecute 
from city to city: that upon you may 
come all the just blood that hath been 
shed upon the earth, from the blood of 
Abel the just even unto the blood of 
Zacharias the son of Barachias, whom 
you killed between the temple and the 
altar. Amen I say to you, all these 
things shall come upon this generation.
Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that killest 
the prophets, and stonest them that are
sent unto thee, how often would I have 
gathered together thy children, as the 
hen doth gather her chickens under her
wings, and thou wouldst not? Behold 
your house shall be left to you 
desolate. For I say to you, you shall not
see me henceforth, till you say: 
Blessed is He that cometh in the name 
of the Lord.
