O Lord Jesus Christ, Who to win souls 
for Thyself didst conduct the Holy 
Virgin Frances Xavier, aflame with the 
fire of love from Thy most Sacred 
Heart, on her long and repeated 
journeys, and through her didst raise 
up a new family within Thy Church: 
grant us, we beseech Thee, by her 
intercession, the grace to put on the 
virtues of that same Heart of Thine 
and to arrive safely at the heavenly 
port, there to be happy forever. Who 
lives and reigns with God the Father in 
the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, 
forever and ever.
<br>
<i>(Commemoration of St. Didacus)</i>
Almighty, eternal God, Who, in Thy 
wonderful providence, dost choose the
weak things of the world to confound 
the strong, mercifully grant unto our 
lowliness that, by the prayers of 
blessed Didacus, Thy confessor, we 
may be made worthy to be raised to 
the everlasting glory of heaven. 
Through our Lord Jesus Christ, Thy 
Son, Who lives and reigns with Thee in
the unity of the Holy Spirit, God, 
forever and ever.
