At that time, the Pharisees went and 
consulted among themselves, how to 
ensnare Jesus in His speech. And they 
sent to Him their disciples, with the 
Herodians, saying: Master, we know 
that Thou art a true speaker, and teach 
the way of God in truth, neither care 
Thou for any man, for Thou dost not 
regard the person of men. Tell us 
therefore, what dost Thou think? Is it 
lawful to give tribute to Caesar, or not? 
But Jesus knowing their wickedness, 
said: Why do you tempt Me, ye 
hypocrites? Show me the coin of the 
tribute. And they offered Him a penny. 
And Jesus saith to them: Whose image
and superscription is this? They say to 
Him: Caesar's. The He saith to them: 
Render therefore to Caesar the things 
that are Caesar's, and to God the 
things that are God's.
